# RecognitionConfig

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**encoding** | **str** | Encoding of audio data sent in all &#x60;RecognitionAudio&#x60; messages. This field is optional for &#x60;FLAC&#x60; and &#x60;WAV&#x60; audio files and required for all other audio formats. For details, see AudioEncoding. | [optional] 
**speech_contexts** | [**list[SpeechContext]**](SpeechContext.md) | Array of SpeechContext. A means to provide context to assist the speech recognition. For more information, see [speech adaptation](https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/context-strength). | [optional] 
**model** | **str** | Which model to select for the given request. Select the model best suited to your domain to get best results. If a model is not explicitly specified, then we auto-select a model based on the parameters in the RecognitionConfig. &lt;table&gt;   &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;Model&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;/tr&gt;   &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;&lt;code&gt;command_and_search&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;Best for short queries such as voice commands or voice search.&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;/tr&gt;   &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;&lt;code&gt;phone_call&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;Best for audio that originated from a phone call (typically     recorded at an 8khz sampling rate).&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;/tr&gt;   &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;&lt;code&gt;video&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;Best for audio that originated from from video or includes multiple         speakers. Ideally the audio is recorded at a 16khz or greater         sampling rate. This is a premium model that costs more than the         standard rate.&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;/tr&gt;   &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;&lt;code&gt;default&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;Best for audio that is not one of the specific audio models.         For example, long-form audio. Ideally the audio is high-fidelity,         recorded at a 16khz or greater sampling rate.&lt;/td&gt;   &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; | [optional] 
**audio_channel_count** | **int** | The number of channels in the input audio data. ONLY set this for MULTI-CHANNEL recognition. Valid values for LINEAR16 and FLAC are &#x60;1&#x60;-&#x60;8&#x60;. Valid values for OGG_OPUS are &#x27;1&#x27;-&#x27;254&#x27;. Valid value for MULAW, AMR, AMR_WB and SPEEX_WITH_HEADER_BYTE is only &#x60;1&#x60;. If &#x60;0&#x60; or omitted, defaults to one channel (mono). Note: We only recognize the first channel by default. To perform independent recognition on each channel set &#x60;enable_separate_recognition_per_channel&#x60; to &#x27;true&#x27;. | [optional] 
**diarization_config** | [**SpeakerDiarizationConfig**](SpeakerDiarizationConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**enable_word_time_offsets** | **bool** | If &#x60;true&#x60;, the top result includes a list of words and the start and end time offsets (timestamps) for those words. If &#x60;false&#x60;, no word-level time offset information is returned. The default is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 
**language_code** | **str** | Required. The language of the supplied audio as a [BCP-47](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/bcp/bcp47.txt) language tag. Example: \&quot;en-US\&quot;. See [Language Support](https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/languages) for a list of the currently supported language codes. | [optional] 
**profanity_filter** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, the server will attempt to filter out profanities, replacing all but the initial character in each filtered word with asterisks, e.g. \&quot;f***\&quot;. If set to &#x60;false&#x60; or omitted, profanities won&#x27;t be filtered out. | [optional] 
**use_enhanced** | **bool** | Set to true to use an enhanced model for speech recognition. If &#x60;use_enhanced&#x60; is set to true and the &#x60;model&#x60; field is not set, then an appropriate enhanced model is chosen if an enhanced model exists for the audio.  If &#x60;use_enhanced&#x60; is true and an enhanced version of the specified model does not exist, then the speech is recognized using the standard version of the specified model. | [optional] 
**metadata** | [**RecognitionMetadata**](RecognitionMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**sample_rate_hertz** | **int** | Sample rate in Hertz of the audio data sent in all &#x60;RecognitionAudio&#x60; messages. Valid values are: 8000-48000. 16000 is optimal. For best results, set the sampling rate of the audio source to 16000 Hz. If that&#x27;s not possible, use the native sample rate of the audio source (instead of re-sampling). This field is optional for FLAC and WAV audio files, but is required for all other audio formats. For details, see AudioEncoding. | [optional] 
**enable_separate_recognition_per_channel** | **bool** | This needs to be set to &#x60;true&#x60; explicitly and &#x60;audio_channel_count&#x60; &gt; 1 to get each channel recognized separately. The recognition result will contain a &#x60;channel_tag&#x60; field to state which channel that result belongs to. If this is not true, we will only recognize the first channel. The request is billed cumulatively for all channels recognized: &#x60;audio_channel_count&#x60; multiplied by the length of the audio. | [optional] 
**enable_automatic_punctuation** | **bool** | If &#x27;true&#x27;, adds punctuation to recognition result hypotheses. This feature is only available in select languages. Setting this for requests in other languages has no effect at all. The default &#x27;false&#x27; value does not add punctuation to result hypotheses. Note: This is currently offered as an experimental service, complimentary to all users. In the future this may be exclusively available as a premium feature. | [optional] 
**max_alternatives** | **int** | Maximum number of recognition hypotheses to be returned. Specifically, the maximum number of &#x60;SpeechRecognitionAlternative&#x60; messages within each &#x60;SpeechRecognitionResult&#x60;. The server may return fewer than &#x60;max_alternatives&#x60;. Valid values are &#x60;0&#x60;-&#x60;30&#x60;. A value of &#x60;0&#x60; or &#x60;1&#x60; will return a maximum of one. If omitted, will return a maximum of one. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

